Morning - Listening
After status call - Speaking
At 4 - Reading
Evening - Writing

What is your name?
My Name is Reshma Mohammed

Wat can i call you?
Just call me Reshma

Tell me about your home town
I live in hyderabad. I have been living there for 20 years or all my life.
it's one of the fast growing metropolitan cities in India with population  of about 4 crores. It's a big city with a lot of industries.

Whats the interesting part of the city?
The most interesting part for me probably is the old city bacause it has most of the ravishing architecture and remarkable sites that attract a lot of tourists and I like to go there sometimes for shopping and site-seeing or just to stroll. 

What kind of jobs do people do there?
A variety of jobs i think. There are a lot of Government employees. IT is a major source of income for that city. A number of people also work in the tourism sector. 

Your Home/Accomodation

Do you live in house/flat? What kind of accomodation do you live in?
I live in a flat in a high-rise building. It's in the suburbs of teh city. Its not too big , not too small, but its nice and cosy. 

Who are in your houce?
I live with my parents. I've always live with them actually. 

How is your home decorated? what is your fav room?

How is my home decorated...let me see..well...My home is decorated with furniture (sofa, chairs, tables), photos and painting, adornments 

Well my fav room, i would say is my bedroom. I have a simple table and chair fro ikea. I have 2 paintings hanging on the wall, one is a portait and the other is a landscape. 

Do you like living there?
Yes, i do. i really like it actually Because it's spacious and cosy. There are a plenty of shops and restaurants nearby. It's well connected 

You work or study?
Your work?

I work as a BA in Deloitte,a multi national company. I've been working there for over 5 years. 


What do you do everyday?
I work on the requirement gathering on our product, so i have to coordinate with business and development teams. I usually do some research about the change plans and on top of that, i have to write requirement documents for my audiance. 

what would you like to change about your job?

well, im not a big fan of brainstorming. If i could, i would change that. It'd be great to reduce too many meetings. But all in all , i enjoy my job. 

can you describe your work environment?

I work in an office. Its an open plan cubicle. There are about 2000 of us working in the same building. Talking about the facilities, we've got air conditioning. There's a big canteen, a gym, a creche for the children. We've got simple tables, ergonomic and comfy chairs, It's a tense atmosphere where everybody is on the edge. 


why did you choose that subject?

to tell you the truth my parents chose it for me. They thought it will be really useful for my career. nonetheless, i've always enjoyed the subject. 

Do you like your studies?
Yes, i particularly like the fact that it is a combination of electronics, maths, statistics and production. 


Breaks in the working day/tea-break/short break/short
Do you prefer long break or short break? How often do you take a break? why do you need?

By and large, I prefer several short breaks. Mainly because i have a bit of a short attention span, but also i think it's much more productive to have more frequent breaks. That said, i do like to have a long lunch break!

What do you usually do during break?

Sometimes, i'll pop out for a quick coffee so I can stretch my legs as well, and othertimes, i might go and chat to some colleagues. A bunch of them usually go for a smoke outside, so i might join them, even though i am not a smoker. 


Laughter
When was the last time you lauged? do you like to watch funny programs on Tv? do you like to laugh? do you make your friends to laugh?

That's hard to say, i think it was probably yesterday. I was watchig a film and it really made me giggle. It was a comedy with Jim carey and if i remember correctly it was called 'Yes Man'. It was one of those films that's full of visual humour, right? and it really cracked me up. 


1. It/something appeals to me because instead of i like it because 
2. I get a lot of pleasure out of doing something instead of i like to do something 
3. I am keen to do something
4. I am keen on doing something
5. I am not keen on doing something
6. I am a keen something 
7. I am fond of something
8. I am fond of doing something
9. To grow fond of something/ I've grown fond of something 

Ask for clarification 
10. Sorry, I didnt quite catch that
11. Could you say that again?
12. Could you what you mean by something?

Provide clarification 
13. To put it another way
14. What I am trying to say is
15. What I mean is 

If you are not sure what to say 
16. That's a difficult question
17. That's a good question 
18. I never thought about it before but I guess

Agreeing with something
19. I couldn't agree more
20. I totally agree
21. Absolutely 
22. Definitely 
23. Precisely 
24. I tend to agree with that
25. I tent to agree that 
26. it depends
27. I think it really depends

Disagreeing with something
28. That's one way of looking at it/however
29. That's not always true

Expressing your opinion not the fact
30. As far as I am concerned
31. As I see it
32. As far as I know 
33. I suppose
34. I would imagine

Expressing facts 
35. I'm convinced
36. There's no other way 

Conclude
37. To wrap up/sum up


CS-10038590


SLA on 6/26 - Admin application only Barclays
sort ascending on SLA deadline date
open first documents
doc section first, effective date - transaction section - 
G Cusip - cusip in subject

portfolio - need to check - portfolio and portfolio extracted mactches - admin review if mismatch - not minor

keywords - PTA from 
GTA - filled it -
manually- RES  - complete reqd


GOGLA- to global priniciple amount - 
Your share - GOPLA - fill both fields


Transaction

1. Your share of Interest confirm Interest Payment.
2. Gloabl Principal amount is GOGLA
3. Your share of Pirnicipal is GOPLA
4. If Rollover then it is Rollover only
5. If Rollover with Decrease it Rollover+Paydown
6. Incase IP and PD are extracted and RO is not extracted, it is not required. If RO extracted then dont review. If extra RO is created, delete it.

 

TGPD :  PD-GTA
YSPD: PD-PTA
TGPA and YSP: RO amount dont worry
Effective Date from second box:  ED

 

I-IP

 

ED is from end date of Interest Accural 
If multiple rows, consider the last row end date
TGAoI is GTA
YSI: PTA
GOGLA and GOPLA are from Principa amounts





Admin agent, application, efd and cusip


charge code from teams channel


29
kb12649
CS-10219437


rgovindankutty@deloitte.com
Govindankutty, Radhika


https://ieltsonlinetests.com/writing-evaluation-service?gclid=CjwKCAjw4MP5BRBtEiwASfwAL_2i60RDA_rZit3kI5jYFIeTSIpe3CstzviSob1Y6MhZTeLmaliYJRoC70kQAvD_BwE
https://app.e2language.com/Student/Home

Arigato
Arigato go as a blessing, come back with your friends

Simple
Knowledge is essential for achieving goals.

Complex
Knowledge is important, and it is helpful for all who partake.

Compound

Knowledge is important becuase it enables people to achieve thier goals. 

complex-compound

Knowledge is essential, and it is advantageous because it enables people to achieve thier goals. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XavWPcvRstg


Bad  – atrocious, base, contaminated, contemptible, corrupt, defective, deficient, deplorable, depraved, despicable, detestable, disagreeable, dismal, evil, faulty, harmful, heinous, horrible, immoral, imperfect, improper, inappropriate,  infamous, inferior, injurious, irascible, nefarious, noxious, obnoxious, outrageous, scandalous, sinister, spoiled, substandard, tainted, unfavorable, unpleasant, unsuitable, wicked, wrong 
 Big -ample, astronomical, colossal, enormous, expansive, gargantuan, gigantic, grand, great, huge, immense, large, sizable, spacious, substantial, tremendous, vast
Important -, Critical, essential, famous, indispensable, necessary, notable, valuable, vital
Children–  the  youth,  the young,  minors , juveniles 
Do – accomplish, achieve, attain, enact, execute, finish 
Get – accept,  accumulate, collect, derive, earn, find, gain, gather, glean, obtain, procure, regain, secure, win, 
Good – advantageous, agreeable, apt, beneficial, capable, excellent, favorable,  fine, friendly, generous, genuine,  gracious, grand,  great, kindly, marvelous,  obedient, honorable, obliging, pleasant, pleasurable, profitable, proper, qualified, reliable,  respectable, righteous, satisfactory, splendid, sterling, suitable, suited, superb, superior, trustworthy, valid, well-behaved, wonderful, worthy.


“Make an effort,” use “considerable effort should be devoted to…” 

 “Do a good job,” should be “perform well”  

“Do research” should be “conduct research” 

“Get famous” can be replaced with “acquire fame”

“Get a degree” is improved with “earn a degree”

“Get skills” sounds more academic with “obtain skills.”

https://www.udemy.com/course/ielts-speaking-success-get-a-band-7/







 